Title: Privacy statement

----

Slug: privacy-statement

----

Headline: Privacy statement

----

Text:

Here is the English translation of the text:

##1. Data Protection at a Glance
###General Information
The following notes provide a simple overview of what happens to your personal data when you visit this website. Personal data is all data that can be used to identify you personally. Detailed information on the subject of data protection can be found in our privacy policy listed below this text.

###Data Collection on This Website

####Who is responsible for data collection on this website?
Data processing on this website is carried out by the website operator. You can find their contact details in the section "Notice on the Responsible Party" in this privacy policy.

###How do we collect your data?
Your data is collected in part by you providing it to us. This can be, for example, data that you enter into a contact form.

Other data is automatically collected or collected with your consent by our IT systems when you visit the website. This is primarily technical data (e.g. internet browser, operating system, or time of page view). This data is collected automatically as soon as you enter this website.

###What do we use your data for?
Part of the data is collected to ensure error-free provision of the website. Other data may be used to analyze your user behavior.

###What rights do you have regarding your data?
You have the right to receive information about the origin, recipient, and purpose of your stored personal data free of charge at any time. You also have the right to request the correction or deletion of this data. If you have given consent for data processing, you can revoke this consent at any time for the future. You also have the right to request the restriction of the processing of your personal data under certain circumstances. Furthermore, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the competent supervisory authority. You can contact us at any time about this and other questions on the topic of data protection.

###Analysis Tools and Third-Party Tools
When visiting this website, your surfing behavior can be statistically evaluated. This happens primarily with so-called analysis programs. Detailed information about these analysis programs can be found in the following privacy policy.

##2. Hosting
We host the contents of our website with the following provider:

###External Hosting
This website is externally hosted. The personal data collected on this website is stored on the servers of the host(s). This may include, but is not limited to, IP addresses, contact requests, meta and communication data, contract data, contact details, names, website accesses, and other data generated through a website.
External hosting is done for the purpose of contract fulfillment to our potential and existing customers (Art. 6 para. 1 lit. b GDPR) and in the interest of a safe, fast, and efficient provision of our online offer by a professional provider (Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f GDPR). If appropriate consent has been obtained, the processing is carried out exclusively on the basis of Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a GDPR and § 25 para. 1 TDDDG, insofar as the consent includes the storage of cookies or access to information in the user's end device (e.g., device fingerprinting) within the meaning of the TDDDG. The consent can be revoked at any time.
Our host(s) will only process your data to the extent necessary to fulfill its performance obligations and follow our instructions with regard to this data. We use the following host(s):
netcup GmbH, Daimlerstraße 25, D-76185 Karlsruhe

##3. General Information and Mandatory Information
###Data Protection
The operators of these pages take the protection of your personal data very seriously. We treat your personal data confidentially and in accordance with the statutory data protection regulations and this privacy policy.
When you use this website, various personal data is collected. Personal data is data that can be used to identify you personally. This privacy policy explains what data we collect and what we use it for. It also explains how and for what purpose this happens.
We point out that data transmission over the Internet (e.g. when communicating by e-mail) may have security gaps. Complete protection of data against access by third parties is not possible.

###Notice on the Responsible Party
The responsible party for data processing on this website is:
Nina Siessegger
Bernstorffstraße 120
22767 Hamburg
Phone: +49 (0)170 2610977
Email: hallo@ninasiessegger.de
The responsible party is the natural or legal person who alone or jointly with others decides on the purposes and means of processing personal data (e.g. names, e-mail addresses, etc.).

###Storage Duration
Unless a more specific storage period has been specified within this privacy policy, your personal data will remain with us until the purpose for data processing ceases to apply. If you assert a legitimate request for deletion or revoke your consent to data processing, your data will be deleted unless we have other legally permissible reasons for storing your personal data (e.g. retention periods under tax or commercial law); in the latter case, the deletion will take place after these reasons cease to apply.

###General Information on the Legal Basis for Data Processing on This Website
If you have consented to data processing, we process your personal data on the basis of Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a GDPR or Art. 9 para. 2 lit. a GDPR if special categories of data according to Art. 9 para. 1 GDPR are processed. In the case of explicit consent to the transfer of personal data to third countries, the data processing is also based on Art. 49 para. 1 lit. a GDPR. If you have consented to the storage of cookies or to the access to information in your end device (e.g. via device fingerprinting), the data processing is additionally based on § 25 para. 1 TDDDG. The consent can be revoked at any time. If your data is required for the fulfillment of a contract or for the implementation of pre-contractual measures, we process your data on the basis of Art. 6 para. 1 lit. b GDPR. Furthermore, if your data is required for the fulfillment of a legal obligation, we process it on the basis of Art. 6 para. 1 lit. c GDPR.
The data processing may also be based on our legitimate interest according to Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f GDPR. Information on the relevant legal bases in each individual case is provided in the following paragraphs of this privacy policy.

###Recipients of Personal Data
In the course of our business activities, we work with various external parties. In some cases, it is also necessary to transfer personal data to these external parties. We only pass on personal data to external parties if this is necessary for the fulfillment of a contract, if we are legally obliged to do so (e.g. transfer of data to tax authorities), if we have a legitimate interest in the transfer according to Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f GDPR, or if another legal basis allows the data transfer. When using processors, we only pass on personal data of our customers on the basis of a valid contract for order processing. In the case of joint processing, a contract for joint processing is concluded.

###Revocation of Your Consent to Data Processing
Many data processing operations are only possible with your express consent. You can revoke consent you have already given at any time. The legality of the data processing carried out until the revocation remains unaffected by the revocation.

###Right to Object to Data Collection in Special Cases and to Direct Advertising (Art. 21 GDPR)
IF DATA PROCESSING IS CARRIED OUT ON THE BASIS OF ART. 6 PARA. 1 LIT. E OR F GDPR, YOU HAVE THE RIGHT TO OBJECT TO THE PROCESSING OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA AT ANY TIME FOR REASONS ARISING FROM YOUR PARTICULAR SITUATION; THIS ALSO APPLIES TO PROFILING BASED ON THESE PROVISIONS. THE RESPECTIVE LEGAL BASIS ON WHICH PROCESSING IS BASED CAN BE FOUND IN THIS PRIVACY POLICY. IF YOU OBJECT, WE WILL NO LONGER PROCESS YOUR PERSONAL DATA CONCERNED UNLESS WE CAN DEMONSTRATE COMPELLING LEGITIMATE GROUNDS FOR THE PROCESSING WHICH OVERRIDE YOUR INTERESTS, RIGHTS AND FREEDOMS, OR THE PROCESSING SERVES THE PURPOSE OF ASSERTING, EXERCISING OR DEFENDING LEGAL CLAIMS (OBJECTION ACCORDING TO ART. 21 PARA. 1 GDPR).

IF YOUR PERSONAL DATA IS PROCESSED FOR THE PURPOSE OF DIRECT ADVERTISING, YOU HAVE THE RIGHT TO OBJECT AT ANY TIME TO THE PROCESSING OF PERSONAL DATA CONCERNING YOU FOR THE PURPOSE OF SUCH ADVERTISING; THIS ALSO APPLIES TO PROFILING INSOFAR AS IT IS RELATED TO SUCH DIRECT ADVERTISING. IF YOU OBJECT, YOUR PERSONAL DATA WILL SUBSEQUENTLY NO LONGER BE USED FOR THE PURPOSE OF DIRECT ADVERTISING (OBJECTION ACCORDING TO ART. 21 PARA. 2 GDPR).

###Right to Lodge a Complaint with the Competent Supervisory Authority
In the event of violations of the GDPR, data subjects have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority, in particular in the Member State of their habitual residence, their place of work or the place of the alleged violation. The right to lodge a complaint is without prejudice to any other administrative or judicial remedy.

###Right to Data Portability
You have the right to have data that we process automatically on the basis of your consent or in fulfillment of a contract handed over to you or to a third party in a common, machine-readable format. If you request the direct transfer of the data to another controller, this will only be done insofar as it is technically feasible.

###Information, Correction, and Deletion
Within the framework of the applicable legal provisions, you have the right at any time to free information about your stored personal data, its origin and recipient and the purpose of data processing and, if necessary, a right to correction or deletion of this data. For this purpose, as well as for further questions on the subject of personal data, you can contact us at any time.

###Right to Restriction of Processing
You have the right to request the restriction of the processing of your personal data. You can contact us at any time for this purpose. The right to restriction of processing exists in the following cases:
- If you dispute the accuracy of your personal data stored by us, we usually need time to verify this. For the duration of the verification, you have the right to request the restriction of the processing of your personal data.
- If the processing of your personal data happened/is happening unlawfully, you can request the restriction of data processing instead of deletion.
- If we no longer need your personal data, but you need it to exercise, defend or assert legal claims, you have the right to request restriction of the processing of your personal data instead of deletion.
- If you have lodged an objection pursuant to Art. 21 para. 1 GDPR, a balancing of your and our interests must be carried out. As long as it has not yet been determined whose interests prevail, you have the right to request the restriction of the processing of your personal data.

If you have restricted the processing of your personal data, this data may – apart from being stored – only be processed with your consent or for the assertion, exercise or defense of legal claims or for the protection of the rights of another natural or legal person or for reasons of important public interest of the European Union or a Member State.

Source:
https://www.e-recht24.de

----

Metatitle: 

----

Metatemplate: 

----

Usetitletemplate: true

----

Metadescription: 

----

Ogtemplate: 

----

Useogtemplate: true

----

Ogdescription: 

----

Ogimage: 

----

Twittercardtype: 

----

Twitterauthor: 

----

Robotsindex: default

----

Robotsfollow: default

----

Robotsarchive: default

----

Robotsimageindex: default

----

Robotssnippet: default

----

Metainherit: 